Update README.md for otel.instrumentation.methods.include (#2217)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: README.md

| trace.annotated.methods.exclude | TRACE_ANNOTATED_METHODS_EXCLUDE | Suppress `@WithSpan` instrumentation for specific methods.
Format is "my.package.MyClass1[method1,method2];my.package.MyClass2[method3]" |

#### Creating spans around methods with otel.instrumentation.methods.include

> This is a way to to create a span around a first-party code method without using `@WithSpan`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a way to create a span around any method without using `@WithSpan`.
```
